[Docs] Add MM scale limitations (#7452)
mlrun/mlrun: docs/model-monitoring/index.md

## Alerts and notifications

You can set up {ref}`alerts` to inform you about suspected and detected issues in the model monitoring functions. 
And you can use {ref}`notifications` to notify about the status of runs and pipelines.

## Scale limitations

When ramping up the scale of your model monitoring, take note of these limitations. Each limit here assumes you have only large, medium, or small projects. When working with a combination, use these limits proportionally to to your projects.
- Up to 20 large projects (MEPs per project between 1k and 5k)
- Up to 100 medium projects (100 < MEPs < 1k)

> - Up to 200 small projects (MEPs < 100)

Reviewer: should explicitly state model endpoints, MEP is not really used in the documentation

## Alerts and notifications

You can set up {ref}`alerts` to inform you about suspected and detected issues in the model monitoring functions. 
And you can use {ref}`notifications` to notify about the status of runs and pipelines.

## Scale limitations

When ramping up the scale of your model monitoring, take note of these limitations. Application results refers to both metrics and results.
- Number of MEP application results within a project = MEP *  sum (MM applications' results within the project)  should be < 50K. For example, this can be 5000 MEPs with 10 results or 1000 MEPs with 50 results.

> - Every project with MM enabled takes at least 3 system pods: stream (might have replication), controller, writer. And a pod per application (including the histogram app). By default 4 workers per app (configurable, config applies to all apps).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Every project with MM enabled takes at least 3 system pods: stream (might have multiple replicas), controller, writer. And a pod per application (including the histogram app which is deployed by default). Each application pod runs by default 4 worker processes (configurable, config applies to all apps).
```
I think it's important to distinguish that workers are not pods, since this sentence talks about pods - the number of workers hints at the resources needed, but it's different than counting pods.

> - Number of projects and number of MEP per project affects

Reviewer 2: affects what?

Author: updated since...

## Alerts and notifications

You can set up {ref}`alerts` to inform you about suspected and detected issues in the model monitoring functions. 
And you can use {ref}`notifications` to notify about the status of runs and pipelines.

> ## Scale limitations

Reviewer 3: this does not mention any limitation on results/metrics/base-period, which can overflow the `writer` @theSaarco @gilad-shaham

You can set up {ref}`alerts` to inform you about suspected and detected issues in the model monitoring functions. 
And you can use {ref}`notifications` to notify about the status of runs and pipelines.

## Scale limitations

When ramping up the scale of your model monitoring, take note of these limitations. Each limit here assumes you have only large, medium, or small projects. When working with a combination, use these limits proportionally to adjust to your projects.
- Up to 20 large projects (model endpoints per project between 1k and 5k)
- Up to 100 medium projects (100 < model endpoints < 1k)
- Up to 200 small projects (model endpoints < 100)
- On each project and per 10 minute base-period:
  - Up to 50,000 results/metrics can be captured (V3IO-TSDB)
  - Up to 5,000 results/metrics can be captured (TDengine-TSDB)

>   These numbers can vary depending on the overall system "stress" level and the TSDB performance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  These numbers can vary depending on the overall system "stress" level, the number of projects used and the TSDB performance. For example, if using 2 projects on V3IO, the maximal number of results/metrics will be lower than 50,000.
```

Author: rejected as discussed in Slack

> An example of a suitable V3IO-TSDB setup is a project with model-monitoring enabled with:
> - a 10 minute `base-period`
> - Five serving functions, each with 1000 models
> - Two model monitoring apps each with 5 results

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
An example of a suitable V3IO-TSDB based setup would be one project with the following specification:
- model-monitoring enabled with a 10 minute `base-period`
- Five serving functions, each with 1000 models
- Two model monitoring apps each with 5 results
```

- Up to 20 large projects (model endpoints per project between 1k and 5k)
- Up to 100 medium projects (100 < model endpoints < 1k)
- Up to 200 small projects (model endpoints < 100)
- Up to 50,000 app results per project (V3IO). This can vary depending on the overall general load on the system and the number of nodes.
- Up to 50,000 app results per project (TSDB). This can vary depending on the overall general load on the system and the number of nodes.

> - The maximum number of projects depends on the scalability of the storage system. In the case of TSDB, it also depends on the TSDB capacity for handling requests

Reviewer 3: On each project and per 10 minute `base-period`:
- up to 50K results/metrics can be captured (V3IO-TSDB)
- up to 5K results/metrics can be captured (Tdengine-TSDB)

These numbers can vary depending on the overall system "stress" level and the TSDB performance. 

An example of suitable V3io-TSDB setup: A project with model-monitoring enabled with 10 minute base-period, with 5 serving functions each with 100 models, and two model-monitoring-apps each with 5 results: 5 serving-functions * 1000 models * 2 mm-apps * 5 results = 50000 results / 10 min base-period

Author: updated
